So, you like cats?
- Sam.
- What?
Dude shows up
dressed like a cat,
you don't wanna know more?
Your suit... it's vibranium?
The Black Panther
has been the protector
of Wakanda for generations.
A mantle, passed
from warrior to warrior.
And now, because your
friend murdered my father...
I also wear the mantle of king.
So, I ask you...
as both warrior and king...
how long do you think you can
keep your friend safe from me?
What's gonna happen to him?
Same thing that
ought to happen to you.
Psychological
evaluation and extradition.
This is Everett Ross, Deputy
Task Force Commander.
What about a lawyer?
Lawyer. That's funny.
See their weapons
are placed in lockup.
We'll write you a receipt.
I better not look out the window
and see anybody
flying around in that.
"A pinch of paprika."
A pinch.
Is that paprikash?
I thought it might
lift your spirits.
Spirits lifted.
In my defense,
I haven't actually ever
eaten anything before, so...
May I?
Please.
Wanda? Hmm.
No one dislikes you, Wanda.
Thanks.
Oh, you're welcome.
No, it's a involuntary
response in their amygdala.
They can't help
but be afraid of you.
Are you?
My amygdala is synthetic, so...
I used to think of
myself one way.
But after this...
I am something else.
I'm still me, I think, but...
that's not what
everyone else sees.
Do you know, I don't
know what this is?
Not really.
I know it's not of this world...
that it powered Loki's staff,
gave you your abilities, but...
its true nature is a mystery.
And yet, it is part of me.
Are you afraid of it?
I wish to understand it.
The more I do, the
less it controls me.
One day... who knows?
I may even control it.
I don't know what's in
this but it is not paprika.
I'm gonna go to the store.
I'll be back in 20 minutes.
Alternatively, we
could order a pizza?
Vision, are you not
letting me leave?
It is a question of safety.
I can protect myself.
Not yours.
Mr. Stark would like
to avoid the possibility
of another public incident.
Until the Accords are on
a more secure foundation.
And what do you want?
For people to see you...
as I do.
You'll be provided
with an office
instead of a cell.
Now, do me a favor, stay in it?
I don't intend on
going anywhere.
For the record, this is what
making things worse looks like.
He's alive.
No.
Romania was not
Accords-sanctioned.
Colonel Rhodes is
supervising cleanup.
Try not to break
anything while we fix this.
Consequences?
You bet there'll be consequences.
Obviously you can
quote me on that,
because I just said it.
Anything else?
Thank you, sir.
"Consequences"?
Secretary Ross wants
you both prosecuted.
Had to give him something.
I'm not getting that
shield back, am I?
Technically, it's the
government's property.
Wings, too.
That's cold.
Warmer than jail.
Hey, you wanna
see something cool?
I pulled something
from Dad's archives.
Felt timely.
FDR signed the Lend-Lease
bill with these in 1941.
Provided support to the Allies
when they needed it most.
Some would say it brought
our country closer to war.
See?
If not for these, you wouldn't be here.
I'm trying to...
What do you call it?
That's an olive branch.
Is that what you call it?
Is Pepper here?
I didn't see her.
We're kinda...
- Well, not kinda...
- Pregnant?
No. Definitely not.
We're taking a break.
It's nobody's fault.
I'm so sorry, Tony.
I didn't know.
A few years ago,
I almost lost her,
so I trashed all my suits.
Then, we had to mop up HYDRA...
and then Ultron. My fault.
And then, and then,
and then, I never stopped.
Because the truth
is I don't wanna stop.
I don't wanna lose her.
I thought maybe the Accords
could split the difference.
In her defense, I'm a handful.
Yet, Dad was a pain in the ass,
but he and Mom
always made it work.
I'm glad Howard got married.
I only knew him when
he was young and single.
Oh, really?
You two knew each other?
He never mentioned that.
Maybe only a thousand times.
God, I hated you.
I don't mean to
make things difficult.
I know, because you're
a very polite person.
If I see a situation
pointed south...
I can't ignore it.
Sometimes I wish I could.
No, you don't.
No, I don't.
Sometimes...
Sometimes I wanna punch
you in your perfect teeth.
But I don't wanna see you gone.
We need you, Cap.
So far, nothing's happened
that can't be
undone, if you sign.
We can make the
last 24 hours legit.
Barnes gets transferred to
an American psych-center...
instead of a Wakandan prison.
I'm not saying
it's impossible...
but there would have
to be safeguards.
Sure.
Once we put out the PR fire,
those documents can be amended.
I'd file a motion to have
you and Wanda reinstated...
Wanda? What about Wanda?
She's fine.
She's confined to the compound, currently.
Vision's keeping her company.
Oh, God, Tony.
Every time I think you
see things the right way...
It's 100 acres with a lap pool.
It's got a screening room.
There's worse ways
to protect people.
Protection?
Is that how you see this?
This is protection?
It's internment, Tony.
She's not a US citizen.
Oh, come on, Tony.
And they don't grant visas to
weapons of mass destruction.
She's a kid!
Give me a break!
I'm doing what has to be done.
To stave off something worse.
You keep telling yourself that.
Hate to break up the set.
Wong?
Okay.
"First, open the
Eye of Agamotto."
All right.
Oh, my.
What if...
"Dormammu."
"The Dark Dimension."
Eternal life?
- What the...
- Stop!
Tampering with continuum
probabilities is forbidden.
I was just doing exactly
what it said in the book.
What did the book say
about the dangers of
performing that ritual?
I don't know.
I hadn't gotten to that part yet.
Temporal manipulations
can create branches in time.
Unstable dimensional openings.
Spatial paradoxes! Time loops!
You wanna get stuck
reliving the same moment
over and over forever...
or never having existed at all?
Really should put the
warnings before the spell.
Your curiosity could
have gotten you killed.
You weren't manipulating
the space-time continuum...
you were breaking it.
We do not tamper
with natural law.
We defend it.
How did you even do that?
Hmm?
Where did you learn the litany of
spells required to even understand it?
I've got a photographic memory.
That's how I got my M.D.
and Ph.D. at the same time.
What you just did...
takes more than a good memory.
You were born
for the mystic arts.
And yet my hands still shake.
For now, yes.
Not forever?
We're not prophets.
When are you gonna start
telling me what we are?
While heroes like the Avengers
protect the world from
physical dangers...
we sorcerers safeguard it
against more mystical threats.
The Ancient One is
the latest in a long line
of Sorcerers Supreme...
going back thousands of years
to the father of the mystic arts...
the mighty Agamotto.
Same sorcerer who created the
eye you so recklessly borrowed.
Agamotto built three
Sanctums in places of power...
where great cities now stand.
That door leads to the
Hong Kong Sanctum.
That door to the
New York Sanctum.
That one to the London Sanctum.
Together...
the Sanctums generate a
protective shield around our world.
The Sanctums
protect the world...
and we sorcerers...
protect the Sanctums.
From what?
Other dimensional beings
that threaten our universe.
Like Dormammu.
Where did you learn that name?
I just read it in The Book of Cagliostro.
Why?
Dormammu dwells
in the Dark Dimension.
Beyond time.
He is the cosmic conqueror...
the destroyer of worlds.
A being of infinite power
and endless hunger...
on a quest to invade
every universe...
and bring all worlds
into his Dark Dimension.
And he hungers
for Earth most of all.
The pages that Kaecilius stole.
A ritual to contact Dormammu
and draw power from
the Dark Dimension.
Uh... Okay...
Um... I'm out.
I came here to heal my hands.
Not to fight in
some mystical war.
London.
Kaecilius!
No!
Wong? Mordo?
Nailed it!
That's a good boy, Ant-thony.
The final phase of your
training will be a stealth incursion.
It's freezing!
You couldn't make a
suit with a flannel lining?
You must retrieve this
prototype of a signal decoy.
It's a device that I invented
during my S.H.I.E.L.D. days.
We need it to counteract
the transmission blockers
that Cross installed
in the Futures vault.
It's currently collecting dust
in one of Howard Stark's old
storage facilities in upstate New York.
Should be a piece of cake.
You're over the target area.
Disengage now, Scott!
Squadron A, go!
B, go!
C, go!
All right, Ant-thony, please
don't drop me this time.
Oh, it feels like a big leap
from sugar cubes to this!
Stay calm.
Guys? We might have a problem.
Hank, didn't you say this
was some old warehouse?
It's not!
You son of a bitch!
Scott, get out of there. Abort!
Abort now!
No, it's okay.
It doesn't look like anyone's home.
Ant-thony, get me to the roof!
He's gonna lose the suit.
He's gonna lose his life.
Hello, Mr. Barnes.
I've been sent by the United
Nations to evaluate you.
Do you mind if I sit?
Your first name is James?
The receipt for your gear.
"Bird costume"? Come on.
I didn't write it.
I'm not here to judge you.
I just want to ask
you a few questions.
Do you know where
you are, James?
I can't help you if you
don't talk to me, James.
My name is Bucky.
Why would the Task Force
release this photo
to begin with?
Get the word out, involve
as many eyes as we can?
Right. It's a good way to
flush a guy out of hiding.
Set off a bomb, get
your picture taken.
Get seven billion people looking
for the Winter Soldier.
You're saying someone
framed him to find him?
Steve, we looked for
the guy for two years
and found nothing.
We didn't bomb the UN.
That turns a lot of heads.
Yeah, but that doesn't guarantee
that whoever framed
him would get him.
It guarantees that we would.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hey!
Tell me, Bucky.
You've seen a great
deal, haven't you?
I don't wanna talk about it.
You fear that if you
open your mouth,
the horrors might never stop.
Don't worry.
We only have to talk about one.
Come on, guys, get
me eyes on Barnes.
Friday, get me a
source on that outage.
Sub-level five, East Wing.
What the hell is this?
Why don't we discuss your home?
Not Romania.
Certainly not Brooklyn, no.
I mean your real home.
No.
Stop.
Mission report.
December 16, 1991.
Help me.
Help.
Get up.
Who are you? What do you want?
To see an empire fall.
Hey.
Evac all civilians.
Get me a perimeter
around the building,
and gunships in the air.
Please tell me
you brought a suit.
Sure did.
It's a lovely Tom Ford,
three-piece, two-button.
I'm an active-duty
non-combatant.
Follow me.
We're in position.
You could at least recognize me.
Damn it.
Hello?
Daniel, I see they made
you master of this Sanctum.
You know what that means?
That you'll die protecting it.
Stop!
How long have you been
at Kamar-Taj, Mister...
Doctor.
Mister Doctor?
It's Strange.
Maybe. Who am I to judge?
Ha!
You don't know how
to use that, do you?
Uh...
What?
Oh, stop it.
I said stop it.
You cannot stop
this, Mister Doctor.
I don't even know
what "this" is.
It's the end...
and the beginning.
The many becoming the
few becoming the One.
If you're not gonna
start making sense...
I'm just gonna to have
to put this thing back on.
Tell me, Mister Doctor...
My name is Doctor
Stephen Strange.
- You are a doctor?
- Yeah.
A scientist.
You understand
the laws of nature.
All things age. All things die.
In the end, our sun burns out.
Our universe grows
cold and perishes.
But the Dark Dimension...
it's a place beyond time.
That's it.
I'm putting this thing back on.
This world doesn't
have to die, doctor.
This world can take its rightful
place alongside so many others...
as part of the One.
The great and beautiful One.
We can all live forever.
Really?
What do you have to gain out of
this New Age dimensional utopia?
The same as you.
The same as everyone.
Life. Eternal life.
People think in terms
of good and evil...
when really time is
the true enemy of us all.
Time kills everything.
What about the
people you killed?
Tiny.
Momentary specks within
an indifferent universe.
Yes. You see.
You see what we're doing.
The world is not
what it ought to be.
Humanity longs
for the eternal...
for a world beyond time,
because time is what enslaves us.
Time is an insult.
Death is an insult.
Doctor...
we don't seek
to rule this world.
We seek to save it...
to hand it over to Dormammu,
who is the intent of all evolution...
the why of all existence.
The Sorcerer Supreme
defends existence.
What was it that brought
you to Kamar-Taj, doctor?
Was it enlightenment?
Power?
You came to be
healed, as did we all.
Kamar-Taj is a place
that collects broken things.
We all come with the
promise of being healed...
and instead The Ancient
One gives us parlor tricks.
The real magic she
keeps for herself.
You ever wonder how she
managed to live this long?
I saw the rituals in
The Book of Cagliostro.
So, you know.
The ritual gives me the power
to overthrow The Ancient One...
and tear her Sanctums down.
To let the Dark Dimension in.
Because what The
Ancient One hoards,
Dormammu gives freely.
Life everlasting.
He's not the destroyer
of worlds, doctor.
He's the savior of worlds.
No. I mean, come on.
Look at your face.
Dormammu made you a murderer.
Just how good can
his kingdom be?
You think that's funny?
No, not that.
What's funny is that
you've lost your sling ring.
Hey, Cap!
Steve.
Which Bucky am I talking to?
Your mom's name was Sarah.
You used to wear
newspapers in your shoes.
Can't read that in a museum.
Just like that, we're
supposed to be cool?
What did I do?
Enough.
Oh, God, I knew
this would happen.
Everything HYDRA put
inside me is still there.
All he had to do was
say the goddamn words.
Who was he? I don't know.
People are dead.
The bombing, the setup...
the doctor did all that just
to get 10 minutes with you.
I need you to do better
than "I don't know."
He wanted to know about Siberia.
Where I was kept.
He wanted to know exactly where.
Why would he need to know that?
Because I'm not the
only Winter Soldier.
Who were they?
Their most elite death squad.
More kills than anyone
in HYDRA history.
And that was before the serum.
They all turn out like you?
Worse.
The doctor, could
he control them?
Enough.
Said he wanted to
see an empire fall.
With these guys, he could do it.
They speak 30 languages,
can hide in plain sight...
infiltrate, assassinate,
destabilize.
They can take a
whole country down
in one night, you'd
never see them coming.
This would have been
a lot easier a week ago.
If we call Tony...
No, he won't believe us.
Even if he did...
Who knows if the
Accords would let him help.
We're on our own.
Maybe not.
I know a guy.
All right, I'm on the roof
of the target building.
Somebody's home, Scott.
What's going on down there, Sam?
It's the Falcon!
I had a sensor trip but
I'm not seeing anything.
Wait a second.
Abort, Scott! Abort now!
It's okay. He can't see me.
I can see you.
He can see me.
Hi. I'm Scott.
Did he just say,
"Hi, I'm Scott"?
What are you doing here?
First off, I'm a big fan.
Appreciate it.
So, who the hell are you?
I'm Ant-Man.
"Ant-Man"?
What? You haven't heard of me?
No, you wouldn't
have heard of me.
You wanna tell me what you want?
I was hoping I could
grab a piece of technology.
Just for a few days.
I'm gonna return it.
I need it to save the world.
You know how that is.
I know exactly how that is.
Located the breach.
Bringing him in.
Sorry about this!
What the hell are you doing?
Breach is an adult male,
who has some sort
of shrinking tech.
Sorry!
Look, I'm sorry about this.
Sorry.
That's enough!
Ant-thony! A little help!
I've lost visual.
He's inside my pack!
Sorry!
You seem like a
really great guy.
It's really important to me that
Cap never finds out about this.
Sir, can I help you?
Doctor Palmer, where is she?
- Sir. We need to get...
- Where is she?
The nurse's station.
Christine!
Stephen?
Oh, my God.
Get me in an operating theater now.
Just you.
Now! I haven't any time.
What happened?
I was stabbed.
Cardiac tamponade.
What are you wearing?
Chest cavity is clear.
No, the blood is in
the pericardial sac.
No, no, no.
Stephen?
Come on, come on.
Just a little higher.
Please be careful
with the needle.
Stephen?
What am I seeing?
My astral body.
Are you dead?
No, Christine. But I am dying.
Right.
Yeah. All right.
Okay.
Oh, wow.
I've never seen
a wound like this.
What were you stabbed with?
I don't know.
I'm gonna have to vanish now.
What?
Keep me alive, will you?
Huh?
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, shit.
Come on, come on.
Stephen, come on.
Hit me again.
Stop doing that!
Up the voltage and hit me again.
No, your heart's beating!
Just do it!
Oh, my God.
Oh, God! Oh, God!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
That was completely
irresponsible and dangerous!
You jeopardized everything!
You got it.
Well done.
Wait a minute.
Did you just compliment me?
He did, didn't he?
Kind of sounded like he did.
I was good, wasn't I?
Hey, how about the fact that I
fought an Avenger and didn't die?
Let us not dwell on the past.
We gotta finish our planning.
Don't mind him.
You did good.
Darren.
How the hell did
you get in here?
You left the front
door open, Hank.
It's official.
You're old.
The plans.
He will kill him.
Well, to what do I
owe this pleasure?
I have good news.
Really?
What's that?
Pym Tech, the
company you created,
is about to become
one of the most
profitable operations
in the world.
We're anticipating $15 billion
in sales, tomorrow alone.
You're welcome.
I know this is odd, but
I'd like you to be there.
This is my moment.
I want you to see it.
Sure, Darren. Yeah, sure.
I'll be there.
What did you see in me?
I don't know what you mean.
All those years
ago, you picked me.
What did you see?
I saw myself.
Then why did you push me away?
Because I saw
too much of myself.
After all this time...
you just show up here...
flying out of your body.
Yeah, I know.
I missed you, too, by the way.
Ha ha.
I wrote you emails, but
you never responded.
Why would I?
Christine, I am so, so sorry.
For all of it. You were right.
I was a complete asshole.
I treated you so horribly.
And you deserved so much more.
Stop. You're clearly in shock.
What the hell is happening?
Where have you been?
Well, after Western
medicine failed me...
I headed east, and I
ended up in Kathmandu.
Kathmandu?
Yeah.
Like the Bob Seger song?
1975, Beautiful Loser, side A.
Yeah.
I went to a place
called Kamar-Taj...
and I talked to someone
called "The Ancient One."
Oh. So you joined a cult.
No, I didn't.
No, not exactly. No.
They did teach me to tap into
powers that I never even knew existed.
Yeah. That sounds like a cult.
It's not a cult.
Well, that's what
a cultist would say.
Oh, no.
Wait. Stephen, wait.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm late for a cult meeting.
This is insane.
Yeah.
- Where are you going?
- Um...
Can you tell me the truth?
Well, a powerful sorcerer
who gave himself over
to an ancient entity...
can bend the very laws of
physics, tried very hard to kill me.
But I left him chained
up in Greenwich Village...
and the quickest way back there
is through a dimensional gateway...
that I opened up
in the mop closet.
Okay. Don't tell me. Fine.
Really do have to go.
Yeah.
He asked me again if
you were going to be there.
I said I wasn't sure.
You should have seen his little face.
Just try, okay?
I'm going to bed.
I love you.